Well, nice work and making it this far, you get to actually write your script now!  So if you type
'./' and then the name of your script, 'second_script.sh', it will print things out. And then
you'll notice a little percent sign here.
So remember the echo command and the printf command both print text to the screen, but printf does it slightly
differently.
It's kind of just good to know that it's out there.
So if you go edit the script
and at the very end here, put in a '\n' and that basically creates a new line.
And you run your script again with './second_script.sh' and there you'll see that percent is gone
because if you don't have that new line in there, it won't make it.
And I can illustrate that for you.
So you could type--let's put it like it was, and then do another printf here.
'something else'.  So even though these are on two different lines,
if you run it,
it's without--if you don't have that '\n' in there, it'll just print it on the same line.
So that's why you normally will use the echo command to use your text.
The reason you had to do the './' here is because that's saying what directory your script is in.
So '.' is another syntax for the current directory.
You can see what directory director you're in with this pwd command, print-working-directory.
So there I am.
So I could actually type this in
and then do second_script.sh: same thing.
So '.' is just a shortcut for the current directory that you're in.
So in the next lecture, you'll ask some debugging options to your script and you'll get some more practice
making and writing a script in vim and changing the mode to add execution.